readme.md, before:

# Kitties vs Demon Doggies
This is a simple game about kitties defending their human's mage tower from the invasion of bad demonic dogs.

# Run on your machine
```bash
bun build ./source/main.ts --outdir=out --watch
```

## About the code
  The idea is having no framework, no libraries; just standalone typescript.
  
  ### Files and Organization
  - /source/main.ts is the entrypoint.
  - main controls the game loop and scenes; you can compile scenes individually, import()'ing them in runtime, or pack them in a single minified .js file.
  - a *scene* is a module that exports an entities array; you can 'loadScene' them.
    - Scenes can contain load, drop and alive methods.
    - alive() and entity'es step()'s are called per frame.
  
  ### Configurations
  Since I am not a good developer, the configs are not in a single file.
  Rather, you should access the files responsible for each thing in the game.
  Basically, most of them should be in `/source/utils/`.
  It should not be that hard to find, I hope =).

Commit message:

Configs, readme and types adjusted

readme.md, after:

# PAWerfull Kitty Defends
This is a (not so) simple game about kitties defending their human's mage tower from the invasion of bad demonic creatures trying to steal your human's coffee.

# Run on your machine
I am using bun to build typescript.
```bash
bun build ./source/main.ts --outdir=out --watch
```
But feel free to use babel or whatever else that builds typescript.
See index.html, it is where the game is being loaded.
See also source/config.ts, it has some constants to be aware of.

## About the code
  The idea is having no framework, no libraries; also, there is no node_modules.
  
  ### Files and Organization
  - /source/main.ts is the entrypoint.
  - main controls the game loop and scenes; you can compile scenes individually, import()'ing them in runtime, or pack them together with the framework as I am doing in development.
  - a *scene* is a module that exports an entities array; you can 'loadScene' them.
    - Scenes can contain load, drop and step methods.
    - alive() and entity'es step()'s are called per frame.
    - An Entity needs a step() function; it recieves the actualScene as first parameter.
